[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>OK, I'm going to,
I guess, in order
to make this work-- nope, I can
go a little bit further here,
a little bit further.
OK, the other question was
what is it about this time
in 1992 or approximately
this time, that
is causing this acceleration
in knowledge and growth
and everything is happening
here, this awakening that's
taking place?
Well, it's tied in,
according to Thoth
and also according to the
Hindus and also according
to the Egyptians,
and ancient Sanskrit
says the same thing, with a
wobble in the earth's axis.
If this was the
axis of the Earth,
there's a wobble in
it and that wobble,
like I described before,
the primary one, there's
other ones, that are called the
precession of the equinoxes.
So if you were to look at
that wobble at any moment,
it forms an elliptical
pattern on one end.
And this is the
elliptical pattern
that I'm putting up there.
This is what happens.
Right now, here's moving
around, like this.
This is the wobble.
Freeze it at any one moment, OK?
It's frozen there.
And that angle, if
it was from 1992,
it would be
approximately 23 degrees.
Our sun is over here.
We move like this
around the sun.
So as we move around
the sun, the angle
to the earth facing the sun
changes and so the light
strikes the Earth
differently and you
get your four different seasons
depending on where you are.
But slowly, this angle
will keep changing.
And so, over time, as
this moves around the sun,
we get a different pattern.
And slowly, this
point aims to all 12
of the different constellations
as it goes around over one
time, over 26,000 years.
The actual angle itself
rocks back and forth
over approximately, I think,
it's a 40,000 year cycle.
And it goes from about
23-something to about 26
and 1/2 or something degrees.
So you get another
angle in there.
Then inside that, you've
got another little wobble.
So as this one's going
around like that,
you've got another
little-- it's really
doing a thing like this,
which is about every 14 years.
And then inside that one, you've
got another little tiny one
that does it every 14 months.
And then, I think, they've
now discovered a new one
that they're all talking
about and they're all
excited about where there's
another wobble inside of all
these other wobbles.
And it's just the influences of
all the gravitational fields.
They're all over.
At least, probably
that's what it is.
So anyway, going back, just the
precession of the equinoxes.
What the ancients
have said, and you
can read this in the
Sanskrit writings,
and you can read it even in more
modern day Tibetan and Hindu
philosophies, is that if this
was the wobble seen from above
and this was when this-- when
it's pointing as the wobble
comes around, there is a
place where that is pointing
to the center of the galaxy.
And that is different than
when it's pointing away
from the center of the galaxy.
The galaxy was toward that door.
And so, what the
ancients-- so here's
that point where it's
at center of the galaxy,
and there's the
point away from it,
or you could say
when it's pointing
toward the galactic wind or
away from the galactic wind.
And what they've
discovered, it's
not here, but about
900 years on either
side that there is this
amazing thing that takes place.
And, in essence, we fall
asleep coming down this side,
and then very
quickly [FINGER SNAP]
like that, we wake up.
Just pretty quickly, like
relative to a 24-hour period,
your wake-up period, at
least, for most of us
unless we got [INAUDIBLE].
Some of us take two
hours to wake up
but most people
wake up and get up.
And if you do, that would
be just [FINGER SNAP]
a click of the finger
relative to your 24-hour day.
We wake up very quickly.
In fact, it's usually one year.
In fact, it's really
down to 24 hours.
only about 20 hours long,
the primary wake-up
time, and the whole thing
is about three and a half days.
And we wake up and then we go
through a series of awakenings
all the way up to
this point again.
And then we fall
back asleep again,
and then we wake up again.
So there's a dark
side and a light side.
It's just the
image of the Earth.
The earth is dark--
half of it's dark on one
side and half of it's light.
And the side that's dark
is pretty much asleep.
And the side that's light
is pretty much awake
at any particular moment.
Only, we do this in stages, and
these stages are called yugas.
There's very specific
periods in there
where you awaken and you
fall asleep and such.
And there's much more
to it because there
are dimensional levels
connected to all of this.
We have always
assumed that time is
linear in the past of the Earth
and it isn't linear at all.
And without truly understanding
the nature of time
and the nature of the dimensions
and what is happening there,
to try to date something
is just ridiculous.
It has nothing to do
with anything at all
but we do it anyway.
So and to be clear here,
right at this moment in 1990,
1991, 1992, we're sitting
right there in the orbit.
We're sitting right on that
place between being asleep
and waking up.
We're sitting right at sunrise.
And it was the male
that kept us alive
and protected us
into the darkness.
It's now been shifted
to the female,
and the female will take
us back into the light.
And, again, the male
will protect us back
into the darkness.
Now, this is not a static
circle repeating itself
like a phonograph record.
This is a piece of a helix.
So every time we fall
asleep and when we wake up,
we wake up a little
bit more and hopefully,
don't fall quite as asleep.
We wake up a little bit more
each time repeating this.
Only thing is is that last
time-- we're here right now.
When we come back to just
here, just 13,000 years ago,
a little less than
that, right there,
something happened that
when we fell asleep,
we went more than asleep,
we went unconscious.
I mean, we, I want
to say got a big blow
on the top of the head.
Something dramatically
happened, which
I'm going to describe
in just a little bit.
It actually started
about 16,000 years ago,
the result that
happened here and I'm
going to spend a lot of time
explaining what happened.
When you know this image
here and you apply it
to the history of the Earth
and you look at the archeology
and what happened
and all those things,
it will make perfect sense.
Without understanding this, you
cannot understand archeology.
Cannot possibly understand
why the Egyptian culture,
which started right about in
here would come out in full
bloom in its greatest
glory and then go downhill.
Why the Sumerians went downhill,
the Babylonians went downhill,
the Arcadians went downhill.
The oldest part always being
the clearest, most intelligent,
most awake part of the
culture and systematically
going worse and worse and worse
and worse and worse and worse
until they just died out.
And it's because
they were falling
more and more and
more and more sleep
and this is the
most asleep time.
This is called the Kali Yuga.
These are the yugas,
Hindu philosophy.
This part of the yuga
is called the Satya.
There's the descending
and ascending yugas.
This is the Satya, the Treta,
the Dwapara, and the Kali Yuga.
And then you've got a decent, an
ascending Kali, Dwapara, Treta,
and Satya Yuga.
And this is the
Kali Yuga down here.
It's about, roughly a
couple thousand years long.
They put them at
different lengths of time.
There's a period in
here that we just
came out of just 900 years
ago where we were just
sound asleep and snoring.
I mean, you know, I
mean, they call it
the Dark Ages and everything.
It really was.
I mean, we were just sleep.
We didn't know
what we were doing.
There's all these
people running around.
All the books and
everything that
were written during
that time, they
were written by people
who weren't awake.
Gotta be really careful about
anything that was written
in the last 2,000 years.
And there was a lot of
secrecy that was done.
They knew that the people
that were kind of awake
knew that we weren't in
position yet for us to wake up
and so the people
that were keeping,
that had some kind of
awareness, would keep things
and they would
put it in secrecy.
They would write
it down purposely
incorrect so that if
anybody got a hold of it--
but their school, they would
tell them what the key was.
But then those books survived.
Then we read these
books and we think,
well, this must be how it is
when it was a lie to begin with
or they didn't even understand
what the heck it was.
Somebody was talking about
the yugas, lot of people,
especially Hindus put some
these yugas at 100,000,
150,000, 200,000
years when they're
talking about a cycle that's
only 26,000 years long.
And they didn't know that.
They didn't even understand
what the patterns
were that were underneath it.
There was some Hindus that knew
what they were talking about.
One of them was Sri Yukteswar,
who was Yogananda's guru.
He put the cycle
at 24,000 years,
which considering where they
were at that point, that
was really pretty good.
You know, that's only off by
800 or 900 years on each side
and that was pretty good.
But look what-- there's
one thing I want
you to notice about this one.
Here he has the
yugas on the outside.
Here's the nearest point to
the galaxy, the distance point.
He's got us put
right here, only this
was done in the late 1800s.
So we're not exactly
in place, yet.
And inside here, he
has the constellations
because the precession points
to all 12 of the constellations
as it moves around.
So you can tie
the constellations
to the yugas, which
is what he did here.
And now, where we sit at
this moment, he has us here,
but where we are right now
is this line right here
between Virgo and Leo.
We're right on the
line and depending
on the astrologer
that you talk to,
everybody has different
ideas about these things
and where you're starting
from, but many of them
see us physically, we're
talking about physically,
right in between Virgo and Leo.
Some see us in the third
eye of the virgin, which
is that place right in
the middle between them.
But that's physically
in the order.
But if you were to look
out across the heavens,
you see us going from
Pisces into Aquarius.
So we're moving from--
we're right on that line
between Pisces and Aquarius.
We're about to move into
the new age of Aquarius.
That's not just a song,
it's literally the truth.
But this Virgo-Leo
is real interesting
when we start looking at
the Egyptian artifacts
and the whole thing.
And you look at
the Sphinx, which
was half virgin and half lion.
And when you see
that there is one
of these calendars in the
sand from the air, three
miles in diameter, marking
all this stuff on the ground,
invisibly but clearly.
And when you calculate all
that back and you put all the--
we're going to do this
a little bit later.
And where the Sphinx
physically is sitting on there,
right in between Virgo and Leo.
And the Sphinx
originally was a female
though many people
think now it's a male.
Because for awhile, they changed
it and they put a beard on it,
but the beard fell off.
But they changed the
outer look of the face
to look more like a
male but originally,
according to all the
ancient writings,
was that it was a
female and a lion.
So this understanding
here of the precession
of the equinoxes and
the astrological signs,
it's real important
to understand
why this moment of 1990s is
so important because we're
in that place right when
the sun's coming up.
And you can read about in
the ancient Sanskrit, how
they talk of-- they describe
each of the yugas, what happens
to us normally as we fall
asleep and we wake up
in each one of these things.
And when they talk about
coming into the Dwapara Yuga
where we are right
now, they talk
about how we start becoming
involved in inventions.
They even talk
about electricity.
They even talk about flying
in the sky and the airplanes
and all this stuff that
we've become involved in all
this technology and everything.
And then they draw this
line down the middle
and suddenly we throw it away.
We throw it out the window.
And what happens
is, at this point,
is when we-- these become
like toys to children,
our cars and our all this
stuff, because we wake up
and we come into the awareness
that we can do anything
that technology can do
from within ourselves
and we don't need it anymore.
And a whole new level
of human experience
takes off from this
point on, which
is where we are right now.
We'll all, we'll experience
this in our lifetimes.
>>On the progression
of the equinoxes,
what is the reason that we have
to keep going through the going
asleep period?
I mean, I know that we
have to go through that--
>>Why do you go
to sleep at night?
>>I guess to reconnect with
that other part of the,
that other part.
>>It seems to be part
of us that we need to,
when we're reaching
out into something
that, into the unknown it's
like we could stay there
for a while.
We can get to this highest,
highest point and part of us
feels like we need
to go back and rest
and recuperate and then climb
the mountain again and keep
going up.
And so we do it in this spiral.
Even the informational
spiral that
creates your bodies
and everything
is a helical pattern,
the DNA and the RNA.
And so this circular pattern
seems to be something
that we desire to do.
Now, maybe we don't
have to do it that way.
Maybe we can just go schwok,
right up there, I don't know.
>>Actually, that's
what I was asking
was whether at this point,
given the shift that's occurred,
do we still need to repeat that?
>>Well, normally
you keep repeating
that 100 million times just
to go around the galaxy one
time, just to get a basic
pattern of what it's all
about, which is a long time.
But we may just take the shot
right out of here right now.
I don't know if we're
going to do this.
I will explain what's
going on on every level
that I can understand and
you make your own decision.
It looks like we
are about to make
some kind of incredible,
enormous, awesome jump
in awareness that would
be extremely accelerated
evolutionary pattern.
We're already in it.
We're already right
now, right now at this
very minute, moving so fast
that-- and you can't tell it.
That's what's really funny.
It's because we're
inside the system.
I mean, we can kind
of feel it, you know.
We can look at how information's
doubled and things like this,
but we can't really feel it.
We're like if we're inside
of a car going down a highway
and we're in there and
we can't see out of it.
Maybe we know we're
moving, you know,
and we might think we're
going 60 miles an hour,
but maybe it's a
really smooth road
and we may be really
going 2,000 miles an hour.
But how can you tell?
I mean, well, you would know
if you were going 2,000,
I guess, because
you'd be breaking
the sound barrier and things.
But, I mean, if you were
going 60 miles an hour,
or say, 400 miles
an hour, you really
couldn't tell the difference
if you couldn't see anything
relative outside
that you're moving by
or anything like that.
And we're inside of this
evolutionary system.
We can't tell how fast
we're really moving.
We're moving really,
really, really fast.
But the speed up has only been
going now for just about 20,
21 years.
We've sort of been, choo,
choo, choo, choo, choo,
choo, going faster and faster.
The kinds of subjects that
we're discussing here right now,
do you think we could have
done this 20 years ago?
No way.
And the kinds of
things that we may
start discussing
in a year or two we
wouldn't even begin to
talk about right now.
So we really are,
we're just flying.
We're just flying.
All over the world, and we, the
industrial, white, Anglo type
people here are really
behind most of the world
but we think we're ahead
of it in a lot of ways.
The Aboriginals, the natives,
the Native Americans,
and the native
peoples of the world
are way ahead of us
in this transition.
They are more attuned to
these kinds of changes
and they are well aware
that it was taking place
and they're way into it and
they're way ahead of us.
And Thoth was
teaching, like I said,
he could be intuitive
in 33 places at a time.
He said that almost everybody
he was communicating with
was native peoples
around the world.
Any other questions?
>>Yes, this prophecy
around about how,
you know, '97 or whatnot, none
of our electrical equipment
is going to work but it
sounds like that's backwards.
It's that we're not
going to need it to work.
Is that it?
>>By '97?
>>Yeah.
>>Who said that?
Said that everything's
going to be in a, something
about electromagnetic flow.
That it's going to be-- this
is part of Scallion's stuff.
>>Well, there's a lot
of prophecies like that.
And I'll give my two
cents on that, too.
I really don't think, from
everything that I know,
that it's not real safe
to prophesize right now.
Because even if you are
correct at this moment,
you may be wrong anyway
because we're making changes
that don't conform
to the normal laws.
And it's just like
all the stuff--
we're going to talk about
something that happened in 1972
that's changed everything.
And the prophecies
before that experiment
took place in 1972, like Edgar
Cayce was almost 100% accurate.
He gave 12,000 predictions
with only one error.
I mean, that's-- I'd
say that's pretty good.
And that one error was that
he gave a reading, a health
reading on a person in France
and got his twin brother
by mistake.
But after 1972, his predictions
started going way off.
Nostradamus was the same way
He was 80% correct until 1972.
And then, whoosh, way down.
>>This guy is current.
I don't know. [INAUDIBLE] He's
viewing it from one perspective
and as you're reading
sort of [INAUDIBLE]
>>Well, the ascendant masters
that I communicate with,
they're very reluctant to
say what's going to happen,
and they have a real good
wide view of the whole thing.
And they've never
seen anything like it.
They don't even know
what to think about it,
and this informational level
is also up on their level.
They have received
information that normally
a planet like this wouldn't get
probably 100 million years down
the line somewhere, and they're
acting on it, successfully.
We're making-- I
just, I don't know.
I mean, all I can tell
you-- I will tell you
what normally happens in these
kind of things, which we'll
get into later, and
I know that there
are certain things that
will happen, you know,
like the poles are
going to shift.
But it does not have to
be this violent change.
In fact, I'm not so sure it's
going to be violent at all.
I don't think we're going
to have any warning at all,
or very little.
The kinds of things
that normally
happen, the kinds
of things-- maybe it
will, but I don't think so.
I'll tell you everything
I know about that
when the time is right.
But when you use the
word soon, there really
isn't any timeframe.
Well, we do have an outer
limit on all of this.
We're going to hit that
wall in the year 2012,
late in that year.
By January, 2013, we
can't be here anymore.
So that is our
outer limit of time.
And the original
predictions, which
I'm going to talk about,
when they started the Christ
consciousness geomancy
of the planet, which
was done about 13,000 years
ago, the original calculations
were that we would be
completed with this
by the winter of 1998.
But those don't mean
anything anymore.
We're in place right
now, as of this minute.
A transition could take place
tonight, could take place.
We could have no more than
a five or six hour warning.
And I'll tell you,
this is a warning
that once you know what
it is there's no doubt
once it starts taking place.
And that may be all
the time you have.
It really depends a lot
on the people of the world
and how much love we
have for each other
and what our dreams are.
And we're in control right now.
We've eliminated most of
the negative forces that
have been controlling things.
We've eliminated, at
least temporarily,
most of the
extraterrestrial forces that
have been controlling things.
We have eliminated most of
the governmental agencies that
have been controlling
things, and the people
are in more power than
they know and that's
part of the problem
is they don't know.
They don't know that what
they're thinking and feeling
is literally creating the
world at each moment right now.
But I have to wait until we
get a lot more information laid
down before that's going
to make a lot of sense.
>>I understood that the wall
was between the 12th dimension
and the 13th
dimension and you said
that we have until the year
2012 before we hit that wall.
>>We're going to
hit the wall, yeah.
>>So I thought we were going
now into the 10th, 11th and 12th
octave.
>>That's correct.
>>In the fourth
dimension, So where does--
>>We're going to make-- the
first step is to get into this
relative to what we're--
this very dense body that
we're in right now, we're
going to convert into energy.
And we will still
have atoms, just
like we do now only they'll
be fourth dimensional atoms.
They'll be different than
the atoms that we have here.
They have a different
configuration.
And their atomic bondings
are at phenomenal lengths
rather than in close.
And so we will convert most
of the mass of this body
into energy and
the atoms will be
linked by tremendous distances
but when you look at your body,
it will look the same except
the colors coming off of it
will be different.
And it will feel
solid and everything.
But if you were to
walk through that wall,
you'd just walk
right through it.
Like it's not even there.
If your hand went
like this, you'd shoo,
you'd go right
through it because you
would be at a different
density than this.
And you wouldn't be
visible in this room
except to certain people.
If somebody could tune to that
level, then they could see you.
If they couldn't tune to that,
you would be invisible to them.
And so what was the--
>>That's the first step to
the 10th, 11th, and 12th.
>>Oh, well, the thing is, we're
going to-- the 10th, 11th,
and 12th, overtone is
sort of a transition
place between having a physical
body and having no body.
And you'll go into very
specific body forms
that God has created that would
be considered light bodies
compared to what we are now.
They have physical
form and shape
and they have brains and
all these kinds of things,
but they are, like I
said, almost pure energy.
And we need to go
into that step first.
We go through metamorphosis.
We literally grow into
these new kinds of bodies.
We come out on the
other side as a baby,
and this is called
a baby over there.
And we grow from
here very rapidly.
What takes 21 years or so for
us to become an adult here
takes about two years there.
And experientially, not talking
about actual time ratios.
Experientially, about
two years will go by
and you will through a
very rapid metamorphose
into something that's going
to look very different,
though very similar to this.
You're going to see the
pictures of what we're going
to go into when we're there.
But then once we get in there
and we become an adult there,
we're going to rapidly move
from there out of there
into the fifth dimension.
Leave all physical form and
then slingshot from there
through a whole series of
dimensional levels, which
it's beyond my imagination
how that's going to be.
>>And that's the part
that the ascendant masters
are guessing about.
>>No, they're guessing
at just about everything.
I mean, really, like
from here all the way up.
They just don't know.
I mean, everything
keeps changing.
Every time they think it's
going to be certain way,
then it changes.
Though they're
getting better at it.
They're beginning to understand.
See, they were thrown
off by the speed.
That's the thing.
It's not the pattern so much.
It's the speed at which the
evolution is taking place.
>>So if we were
thrown-- if we were
able to slingshot
all the way to,
let's say, the 12th dimension,
would that disallow or perhaps
obviate the need for the
procession of the equinoxes
as far as our participation in
falling sleep and waking up?
>>We're going to be out of this
level of earthly consciousness
or awareness very quickly.
I don't know when,
and I don't think
it's even-- if I
did know the moment,
I wouldn't tell you because
it's not healthy to know.
That's like knowing when
you're going to die.
You know, I mean, it
doesn't help you at all.
You're better not to know.
And what was the question again?
>>I just wondered if we were
able to slingshot all the way
up to the 12th dimension,
if it would still,
if we, as we are
right now would still
be required to go
through this experience
of this intense
darkness of sleep
and falling sleep
and waking up again.
>>Oh, oh, oh, we're
going-- like I said,
we're going to be out of
earthly consciousness, all
the parameters and
everything going on here.
We're going to
still be on Earth,
but we're going to first go
to the fourth dimension level.
Experientially, there's
almost no connection at all.
Almost none except
that there are bodies
but they're real different
and the experience
is totally different.
And I will describe
all this stuff.
It's just a different,
totally different way of being
and we're not going to
stay there very long.
We're going to move into
something that is really,
really, really different.
And, then we're not even
going to stay there very long.
So all we can really talk about
is this one step of just kind
of just moving from here over
to this next step where we still
have bodies but they're--
>>I have another question to
try to clarify about the yugas
and the-- is that an
entirely different thing?
This is a historical
thing that we
go through these cycles of
waking up and falling asleep,
right?
Now, this has been going on--
>>Forever.
>>And in this dimension it's
been going on forever and this
change into the next dimension
is something different or--
>>Well, the Earth has a
three-dimensional aspect.
We do shift.
As we come to this
place we normally--
normally what happens,
what's been happening,
the level that we
were at is when
we reached this place right
here at the nearest point
and we were coming over
here to-- let's see,
if we were physically where
we are right now between here,
at that place, that would
be the place where we were
at our highest level
of consciousness
that we could obtain,
which we were reaching
about the 12th overtone
of the sixth dimension.
And then we would drop down
but where we would drop down to
is to Christ
consciousness to one
of the overtones of
the fourth dimension.
That's as low as we would get.
And so, when you
say we were asleep,
we were really awake
compared to where we are now.
And then we come to
the waking place,
where we go into the
fifth dimension it
begins this light
process back up again.
And so our sleep period
was vastly more expanded
than what now but something
caused us to fall way down,
to literally go unconscious.
>>So you're saying that whatever
happened 16,000 years ago is
why this cycle is different?
>>Yeah, we have a
different cycle in here
than any one before.
>>Also, you know, [? Solera? ?]
>>Yeah.
>>She said something about
the helixes of the thing you
described about the Sirius and
the way it moves in a helix
and that our, somehow it's
going to cross over into another
orbit or something and
that's why this is--
>>We are going to change, we
are going to change orbits.
>>Like, we're going to
cross into the next, like--
>>We're going to cross--
we're going to actually going
into a closer orbit.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Though none of
that's going to make
any difference because we're
not going to be here anyway.
So it's not going to really
make a big difference.
At least, I don't think so.